♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous
seas are known
as the New World.
Gold Roger and his
crew were the only men
to ever chart these
waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body
became rubber after eating
the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a fierce battle
at the bottom of the sea,
the Straw Hat Pirates
depart for the deadly waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Receiving a distress call,
the crew lands on Punk Hazard,
an island split into two
sections with extremely
different climates.
G-5, led by Vice Admiral Smoker,
arrives at the island
in pursuit of the Straw Hats.
But they soon
meet Trafalgar Law.
[LAW]
Scalpel!
[SMOKER]
My heart!
[BROWNBEARD]
But then the Master arrived,
a kind and generous savior.
[crying] Master!
This island, Punk Hazard,
is the domain of our savior.
[BROWNBEARD chuckles]
No, don't cry.
The Master
continues his research
for the betterment of mankind.
To do so, he needs
test subjects,
and each of you will have
the honor of becoming one.
Like it or not, you're his!
[LUFFY]
"Chopper's Fury!
The Master's
Inhumane Experiment!"
[GROUP crying]
Oh, Master!
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)] He must be
a really nice man, huh?
Yeah. That's true.
He's a wonderful person.
The Master is super!
Merciful!
Mankind's last hope!
Gimme a break,
you don't even know the guy!
Are you even listening?
We!
Love!
The Master! Whoa!
What the hell's goin' on?!
Why'd I puff up like this?!
[LUFFY]
A fuzzball!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Yeah, that's called Guard Point.
It's one of six different forms
you can change into.
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
It'll just change on a whim?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Get used to it!
Hey, I'm not a toy,
so quit playin' with me!
[yelling]
Seriously?
The samurai just ditched us?
Yes.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Damn it!
I thought it was a little
too quiet around here.
When I mentioned
that I had fought
with a lone torso earlier,
he asked me where I had seen it.
I told him I lost it somewhere
around the lake.
That's when he
went storming off,
presumably to go and look
for his missing middle.
I must've missed it
'cause I was distracted
by Nami's sexy body!
What does it matter
to you, Sanji?
[SANJI (NAMI)]
I'm the one who took him out
of the cell and
brought him with us.
The poor guy. He couldn't move.
Like it or not,
I'm responsible for the guy.
If anything were
to happen to him,
it'd be my fault.
I see. He can't hold a sword.
Therefore, if an enemy
were to attack him,
all that he could do
is run away.
Well? What now?
He could be in danger.
Damn it. Let's go find him.
Luffy, I'll be right back.
You just stay put.
'Kay! I'll try!
[BROOK]
I'll make you a deal.
I'll show you the way,
but only if you'll show
me your panties.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Works for me!
Aw man, I'm still
wishing I had a camera!
Oh, no you don't!
[BROOK yells]
Hey! You've gotta go with them!
[ZORO groans]
If Zoro's there,
that means Sanji'll
be too busy arguing
with him to be lewd!
I can't believe I'm being
forced to go search
for that farting samurai
in this weather
just 'cause you
can't control yourself!
You idiot!
Do you think I want you here?
I wanna be around guys
who can share
in my happiness!
Not a loser like you!
Ah... Why was I
the only one hit?
I hope I didn't break a bone.
No.
The only thing broken is my
panty-loving heart.
[arguing]
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] It's nice
to see them happy, isn't it?
Just like normal kids.
[CHILDREN laughing]
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Yeah, you're right.
And they're so full of energy.
They don't look like
they're sick at all.
[CHILDREN]
Super!
I wonder what's making them ill.
I'll do some research.
Awesome!
Can I do anything to help?
Yeah.
Would you please collect samples
of their sweat for me?
Thank you.
'Kay, that should do it.
[MOCHA]
'Scuse me, Miss?
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Hm? What is it?
Do you think I'll get better?
It's just that I wanna see
my mommy and daddy.
Yeah, I know you do, Mocha.
Don't worry.
I'll get you back to them.
I promise I'll find a way.
[USOPP] All right, we need
to come up with a plan.
Where do we go from here?
First things first,
we need to get
our regular bodies back
as soon as possible!
I'm sick and tired
of being a giant perv!
Aw, c'mon!
You know ya love me, Nami!
Franky.
Don't smile with his face.
It's creepy.
You're no fun.
So, about the ankle-biters.
What'll we do?
Any bright ideas?
Franky. I beg you.
Please don't speak while
you're in Chopper's body.
Not one word!
[SYND grunts]
[DOLAN]
You ready?
[BOY A]
Yeah, just try it!
[GIRL C] Synd, you wanna have
a snowball fight with me?
What's the matter?
Are you okay?
[SYND grunts]
I can't breathe.
[grunting]
[GIRL C yells]
You scared me.
What's wrong? Are you sick?
[SYND]
No fair...
It wasn't real!
Ya find somethin', Mister?
Well, we'll see soon enough.
What? This can't be right.
[SYND yells]
You're acting weird, Synd.
Are you feeling bad?
[SYND yelling]
What happened?
I dunno, the big guy just
started flippin' out!
[SYND yells]
I can't breathe!
Hey Chopper.
He says he's havin'
a hard time breathin'.
Think you can you help him?
Mocha!
Children! What's the matter?
Dolan, too?
All of a sudden, the big kids
are droppin' like flies!
Any idea why?
Chopper, you find anything?
Please tell us!
I guess the kids really
were sick, huh?
You're wrong.
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
Huh?
Synd, is there something
that you want right now?
What do you usually
do this time of day?
This time of day?
[grunts]
Well, I, uh...
I have a check-up. After that...
Go on. What happens next?
[SYND grunts]
I get... some candy.
Candy?
[GIRL H]
It's the best ever.
Everyone loves it
'cause it's super yummy.
It is!
And it's a lot of fun, too!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
What?
Yeah, 'cause smoke
comes out of it!
It's really cool, y'know?
[SYND grunts]
Maybe that's what I need.
When I eat it I feel happy.
So if I have some candy,
then I might feel better.
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
What was your name? Brownbeard?
Do you know anything about this?
[BROWNBEARD]
Huh?
These children.
They're not sick after all!
What're you saying?
I'm never in the lab.
I don't know what goes on here.
But I do know this.
These youngsters are suffering
from an incurable disease!
[USOPP]
It's all right. Stay with us!
Hey, Chopper!
The smaller ones are
startin' to break down, too!
So this "Master."
What's he doing to these kids?
What are you implying?
He would never do anything
to hurt these children!
The Master is merciful.
He went out of his way
to bring them here.
And he did it because
he hoped to find a cure
for their disease!
He's a scientist of love!
[ALLY]
I can't breathe!
[BOY I]
Ally?
[ALLY coughs]
[BROWNBEARD] Just look at
what you've done to them!
They're suffering because
they left the laboratory.
If they'd been able to get
their daily treatment,
they would be fine right now.
No way!
What's wrong?
What did you find out?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
NHC10.
I detected it in
their sweat samples.
It's only a trace
amount, but still.
This is a stimulant!
They've been drugged?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
'Fraid so. They aren't sick.
They're going through
NHC10 withdrawals.
Only a select group of doctors
from chosen countries
are allowed to use it.
I know because Dr. Kureha
was one of them.
While it's helpful
in curing diseases,
it's used sparingly because
it's highly addictive.
From what I can tell
from my research,
the kids have been
consuming small amounts
of it each and every day,
and they've slowly
become dependent on it.
If they go without it,
they crave another dose
to ease the pain
of their withdrawals.
Who would do this?
And to children!
Your master's responsible for
this, isn't he?
If he's a "savior," then why'd
he drug them?!
Was it so they can't escape?!
What the hell does
he want with them?!
Watch your mouth.
Insult the Master and
I'll make you pay!
Chopper! What now?
The kids keep collapsing!
Candy...
[grunts]
You want candy?
Okay, do you want
me to go get some
from the lab for you?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
No!
As much as they want it,
we can't let 'em
have it anymore!
That's where it came from!
They were unaware
that they were ingesting
the drug because it
was hidden in the candy!
[SYND]
You've gotta help me, Straw Hat.
I really need a piece of candy.
Are you gonna get it for me?
Sorry, but I can't.
Chopper's the doctor of my crew.
I trust him--
whatever he says goes.
So I can't do it!
No fair!
[crying]
[SYND panting]
[SYND whimpering]
[CHILDREN whimpering]
[SYND]
Why?
Why?!
His eyes! What's wrong with him?
Scary!
Meanie!
You said you'd get it for me!
Just do it already!
[SYND grunts]
You said you were gonna get it!
Go get my candy!
[yelling]
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
Whoa!
Where is the boy's
strength coming from?
[LUFFY grunts]
Stop, Synd! Calm down!
Something's way wrong!
I've never seen him
like this before!
[SYND yells]
Damn, that kid is strong!
[USOPP]
Well, of course he is!
What did you expect
from a giant?
[FRANKY (CHOPPER)]
But he's just a kid!
Why can't I have my candy?!
[GROUP yells]
No!
He's not a giant, Mister!
All of us used
to be normal-size.
At least till we came
to this island.
[BOY I] I thought maybe
our disease made us
grow too much.
'Cause that's the only
thing wrong with us!
There are plenty
of strange diseases,
but not one capable of
changing someone's size.
Giants aren't made,
they're born that way!
Our bodies get bigger and bigger
the longer we stay here.
Why's this happening to us?
No way.
That means their
size wasn't caused
by hypersecretion
of growth hormone.
But then what could it be?
Need candy!
Candy!
They're using these kids...
...as test subjects!
[ALLY]
Candy!
Calm down, Ally,
it's gonna be okay!
Give it to me!
[CHOPPER (SANJI) grunts]
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] What is this
"Master" guy trying to do?
They're innocent children!
What kind of monster
would drug them?!
[BOY G]
Candy!
Now the other kids
are losin' it, too!
[CHILDREN yelling]
We can't fight back--
we could hurt them!
[CHILDREN yelling]
Nami!
[SYND yelling]
No, Synd!
Don't throw it, please!
I'll fight the big guy!
[USOPP] No, you won't!
Get outta my way, Luffy!
Careful!
Don't hurt the children!
Oh, come on!
I know! Special Attack...
Sleep Star!
[USOPP]
That worked like a charm!
They're sound asleep.
Poor kids.
I had a feeling that
they'd been kidnapped.
We need you to help
us get outta here!
I wanna go home and see
my mommy and daddy again!
[CHOPPER (SANJI)]
Luffy.
[LUFFY]
Hm?
[CHOPPER (SANJI)] I can't
imagine the pain these children
are dealing with right now.
Knowing what they've
been through,
it breaks my heart!
They said they wanna go home!
They wanna see their parents.
We've gotta do something!
Yeah! I agree!
We're the only ones
who can save them!
[LUFFY]
Hmm... Okay.
Let's put 'em on the ship
and take 'em home.
No problem!
Come on!
That's never gonna happen!
We can't just waltz
outta here, y'know!
That's true.
Besides, our theory
is speculation.
So we can't be
certain of anything
until we meet who's responsible.
Oh, yeah, the "Master."
[sighs]
It's bad timing, though.
Half the crew's looking
for that samurai.
Well--
It's fine.
I'm sure they'll
figure something out.
We can all go to
the lab on our own.
Luffy, I'm staying here.
I wish I could go.
I'm so angry about what
he's done to these children,
and I really wanna
kick his butt!
But... I can't leave 'em.
The kids need me.
I'll protect them.
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
I should stay, too!
We can't leave
Chopper here alone!
Whatever! Admit it!
You're scared, huh?
Wait, you guys'll be in trouble
if they start rampagin' again.
Big time.
[LUFFY] All right, that should
keep these giants in check.
[NAMI (FRANKY)]
I feel kinda bad about this.
Get over it.
These kids're huge--
they could crush you!
Yeah, and we have no idea
when they're gonna wake up.
I'm not so sure
we should split up.
Think about it.
If we want Trafalgar
to switch us back,
we'll have to be together
when we see him.
At least, I assume
that's how it works.
What's the big deal?
Stay like this!
That's easy for you to say!
You're still in your own body!
[BROWNBEARD] The Master
wouldn't harm children--
he's a warm-hearted savior.
You'll always have
my allegiance, Master.
[BROOK] Hello? Mr. Samurai?
Where are you?
[ZORO] You'd think his wooden
clogs would leave tracks
in the snow.
[SANJI (NAMI)]
So heavy!
My boobs are so
heavy that they bounce
whenever I run!
Get it together! Do you want
to save that samurai
or not?!
[SANJI (NAMI) yelps]
So romantic!
[BOTH]
Huh? [yell]
No! The only reason I caught you
is 'cause you're in Nami's body!
[SANJI (NAMI)]
Then why'd you drop me?
Now she's gonna
be all bruised up!
You guys aren't going to believe
what I've found over here!
Look! It's a footprint!
You think it's the samurai's?
[BROOK]
I don't think it's human.
Well, then it must be
a centaur footprint.
[BROOK]
Uh... No...
This is... way too big.
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Shurororororo!
The heart of the
leader of the G-5.
Vice Admiral Smoker.
What a wonderful souvenir.
Thanks.
With this, the fight is over.
Shurorororo!
Now that the G-5
has lost their warship,
they're bound
to attempt to steal ours
in order to make a report.
Of course,
I've got men lying in wait.
[LAW]
What about the Straw Hat crew?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
No need to worry about them.
I have a plan to get rid of them
and retrieve the children.
Watch. Those brats
will beg to come back.
We won't even
have to lift a finger.
You'll see.
[LAW]
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN] I didn't think
much of the Straw Hats,
that is, until Monet
warned me about them.
It might be overkill,
but I'm sending those two
after their crew.
That's right!
The men known as the
Snow Mountain Assassins!
They never miss their target!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
My loyal minions.
The Yeti Cool Brothers.
[ROCK]
There are six more of them.
[SCOTCH]
The way he talked 'em up,
I thought they were
gonna be a lot stronger.
It should be easy
to finish 'em off.
[ROCK]
We'll take 'em down.
Just like those other three.
And we'll do it in a cool way.
[NARRATOR] Luffy and friends
rush to the laboratory
to find the master
while Nami and Chopper
stay behind to look
after the children.
But hidden assassins
soon target them.
Just as Luffy realizes
something is amiss,
the two find themselves
in grave danger.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"To Annihilate the Straw Hats!
Legendary Assassins Descend!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!